Codebook for tidy data
=========
The features selected for this data set come from averaging the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each master database measurements. Master database is the orignal data provided for this assignment and is collected from the accelerometer and gyroscope 3-axial raw signals tAcc-XYZ and tGyro-XYZ. The codebook for master database is located at data/features_info.txt.

This data set was generated by combining the Training Data Set and Test Data Set found under the data/train and data/test folders respectively. Feature measurements were read from X_ train.txt and X_ test.txt files. Subjects were read from subjects_ train.txt and subjects_ text.txt. Activities data was read from Y_ train.txt and Y_ test.txt.

Following columns are generated on running the script:

'-XYZ' is used to denote 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions.

* subject: Subject id. Data Type int.

* activity: Activity name. Factor with 6 levels: 

    1. WALKING 
    2. WALKING_ UPSTAIRS  
    3. WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS 
    4. SITTING
    5. STANDING
    6. LAYING
  
  
* Average tBodyAcc-mean()-XYZ: Average of tBodyAcc-mean()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num

* Average tBodyAcc-std()-XYZ: Average of tBodyAcc-std()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num

* Average tGravityAcc-mean()-XYZ: Average of tGravityAcc-mean()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num

* Average tGravityAcc-std()-XYZ: Average of tGravityAcc-std()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num

* Average tBodyAccJerk-mean()-XYZ: Average of tBodyAccJerk-mean()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num

* Average tBodyAccJerk-std()-XYZ: Average of tBodyAccJerk-std()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num

* Average tBodyGyro-mean()-XYZ: Average of tBodyGyro-mean()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num

* Average tBodyGyro-std()-XYZ: Average of tBodyGyro-std()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-XYZ: Average of tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num

* Average tBodyGyroJerk-std()-XYZ: Average of tBodyGyroJerk-std()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num

* Average tBodyAccMag-mean(): Average of tBodyAccMag-mean() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num  

* Average tBodyAccMag-std(): Average of tBodyAccMag-std() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num  

* Average tGravityAccMag-mean(): Average of tGravityAccMag-mean() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num  

* Average tGravityAccMag-std(): Average of tGravityAccMag-std() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num  

* Average tBodyAccJerkMag-mean(): Average of tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num  

* Average tBodyAccJerkMag-std(): Average of tBodyAccJerkMag-std() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num  

* Average tBodyGyroMag-mean(): Average of tBodyGyroMag-mean() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num  

* Average tBodyGyroMag-mean(): Average of tBodyGyroMag-mean() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num  

* Average tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean(): Average of tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num  

* Average tBodyGyroJerkMag-std(): Average of tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num  

* Average fBodyAcc-mean()-XYZ: Average of fBodyAcc-mean()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num

* Average fBodyAcc-std()-XYZ: Average of fBodyAcc-std()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyAccJerk-mean()-XYZ: Average of fBodyAccJerk-mean()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyAccJerk-std()-XYZ: Average of fBodyAccJerk-std()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyGyro-mean()-XYZ: Average of fBodyGyro-mean()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyGyro-std()-XYZ: Average of fBodyGyro-std()-XYZ for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyAccMag-mean(): Average of fBodyAccMag-mean() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyAccMag-std(): Average of fBodyAccMag-std() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean(): Average of fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std(): Average of fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean(): Average of fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyBodyGyroMag-std(): Average of fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean(): Average of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

* Average fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std(): Average of fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() for each activity and each subject. Data Type: num 

